One area that AWS networking differs
from a traditional network is in debugging network traffic.
On a traditional network,
you could use a packet sniffer to examine the traffic flowing across your network.
Because of the layers of virtualization that all of the AWS network is built on,
and for security reasons,
you are not allowed to examine packets as freely.
AWS has tools and services that aid in the network debugging.
VPC Flow logs show you information about
network flows which includes the source and destination of a particular traffic flow,
but not the packets themselves.
Traffic Mirroring is a recent feature,
but it does allow for packets inspection,
but it's not quite as simple as putting a network interface into promiscuous mode.